I want you to generate a response file, in an appropriate format, either Word, Postscript or HTML, in response to the following prompt.
 
"I want to create a subproject of AI hallucination. call it "AI Hallucination evaluation" subproject "v1" You are free to use any programming-languate of your choice as long as it is not specified explicitly in the design criteria. I want you to generate a deterministic project using a specific programming language and build it to use to follow the following loop. Use a random process (P[i]) to generate a prompt consisting of a random number of english-language words of a random length, with the constraint that each word in the prompt is fully-formed. Take that randomized prompt and process it, and then evaluate the response on a scale from 0 to 100 where the scale represents "human satisfaction with the AI generated response to the prompt". We are then going to try to develop a process by which both the prompt and the AI prompt response are evaluated on that scale. So the AI will get a prompt (i) with an associated pre-evaluation of human satisfaction with it as an AI prompt, generate the AI response, and that response will likewise be evaluated in terms of human satisfaction with the AI response to the human prompt.Tthe first step of the project, v0,  will be to describe this process  mathematically. The second stage v1 will be to attempt a mathematical implementation of v0 The third stage v2 will be a prototype implementation of v1. Fourth stage will be to evaluate the various programming-languages available to the AI agent developer of the overall  "AI evaluation" effort. I want you to attempt to develop v0-v3 entirely on your own with the resources that are available to you, listing your resources, list your rationale for each design, implementation and evaluation decision along the way. Then we will try to run this AI Hallucination with two additional variables, the AI agent used and model-mode used in  that run. Please be sure to save this project as a subproject of IGS/AI hallucination as a subproject named "AIH evaluation" before you proceed to work on it further." 

Generate and display a response-link with a label that matches your response to the above prompt. 
